---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to Jekyll! Again"
date: "2024-02-05"
category: 
tags: 
permalink:
published: true
---
# Aspiring Pythonista
*My interest in programming, next step, and why python*

My fascination with computers and by extension programming dates back to the early eighties with my father's [Atari 800](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atari_8-bit_family#400/800_release) computer. I remember spending hours—at least what felt like hours—loading [B-1 Nuclear Bomber](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B-1_Nuclear_Bomber) from a cassette tape drive into the computer. At that time, a successful gaming session consisted of loading the game on the first try, playing the game without a crash, and finally completing the in-game mission. It was and still is magic to me, that a programmer can write lines of code that make it possible for me to send an email, post to a blog, or fly a simulated bomber.

The sense of magic drives my interest in programming. I regularly dabble with various programming tools, languages, and related technologies. My livelihood does not depend on my programming skill but my accumulated tinkering certainly pays dividends. I understand the wizard's craft, can speak their language, and bridge the void between them and the layperson. While I enjoy the conduit role, my respect for the masters of the craft is a strong draw on me to take the next step. I want to be a wizard—if only a minor one.

I am excited to begin my journey to become a Pythonista—wizard using Python language. I chose Python because it is approachable and used in Finance and Data Analytics both areas I have personal interests and ideas to develop. As part of my learning plan I will post updates on my progress.